hi I'm celebrity hairstylist Janelle
City Smith and I'm here today to
introduce you to the awesome new ceramic
tourmaline curling wand from red bike
ist's for quick and easy at home styling
or salon styling the wait is finally
over for an affordable wand that curls
like never before with the clipless
barrel the ends of the hair wrap around
the barrel laughs is that at first to
minimize hair damage and split ends the
red light kiss curling wand lets you get
close to the roots to create volume and
there is also a tapered version that
creates a loose romantic curl pattern
and best of all no more creases in the
curls package with a protective glove
and a heat pouch this 410 degree
comfortable grip ceramic tourmaline
barrel curling wand promises frizz free
results and with four unique sizes
ranging from a half inch to a one and a
quarter inch you will guarantee to
achieve an array of amazing curl
patterns for the ultimate chic finish
look now watch as we demonstrate how
simple it is to achieve stunning results
with our red by kids ceramic tourmaline
curling wand for a sexy medium curl used
a one-inch one from goodbye kiss section
the hair about half inch to an inch
hold the one diagonally away from your
face pointing downward wrap the section
of hair around the end of the barrel
closest to the handle and work your way
down to the end of the barrel wrap the
hair starting from the root to the end
to minimize hair damage and split ends
hold for five to ten seconds depending
on your desired look
or until you can feel the heat from you
release the curl from the wand
finish your look by separating the curls
to create a more natural looking finish
you